the jungle professors by day professor
lucas and dr maria were beloved
university teachers lucas taught zoology
and maria specialized in anthropology
they were respected by students and
colleagues alike for their vast knowledge
yet once night fell their lives changed
entirely the couple lived deep in the
jungle in a hidden cabin surrounded by
towering trees and wild animals lucas
asked maria how often do you think
someone will notice our double life maria
smiled once in a blue moon maybe who
would ever think that two university
professors could live such a savage life
out here every once in a while they'd
walk through the dense forest talking
about their day at the university but as
soon as the sun set they became hunters
they'd go deep into the jungle searching
for animals to kill and make clothing
from it wasn't just any clothing though
these weren't your typical professors
their outfits were made from the finest
animal hides fur and feathers these look
snatched lucas would say after crafting a
new outfit the jungle had its own rules
and they followed them their clothing was
a flex showing off their jungle skills
one night as they hunted a wild jaguar
lucas pulled maria aside look out it's
coming toward us it's coming toward us he
said the jaguar lunge but with swift
movements lucas took it down maria panted
that was lit we got ourselves a new
outfit but their secret wasn't easy to
keep what happens if someone from the
university finds out maria wondered aloud
that would be like letting the cat out of
the bag lucas said but don't worry we'll
ghost anyone who gets too close right
maria added plus who would believe us
when pigs fly someone might think we're
out here hunting animals by night despite
their savage night lives the couple
maintained their university facade their
students would never know that their
professors dressed in fine tailored suits
during the day spent the night weaving
jaguar skins into clothing themselves but
every once in a while maria would notice
a student's suspicious glance brah do
they know she'd ask lucas stop being so
shook he'd reply they're barking up the
wrong tree if they think we're anything
but boring professors one day maria
overheard a student asking a colleague
excuse me have you thought about what
professors lucas and maria do after class
the colleague laughed sorry i didn't
catch that are you serious maria's heart
raced maria's heart raced but she kept
her cool sorry she said and then thought
to herself maybe they're just pulling
someone's leg when someone asked how old
they were lucas would laugh old enough to
know better but young enough to still
slay at night they lived a double life
flawlessly they hit the books by day and
hit the jungle by night killing two birds
with one stone maintaining both their
careers and their wild passions but the
jungle was dangerous one night lucas
almost bit off more than he could chew
when they faced a ferocious pack of
wolves maria saved the day by using her
knowledge of the jungle to outweep them
that was close she said maybe we should
call it a day before one of us ends up
kicking the bucket yeah lucas agreed but
hey we'll still be back tomorrow this
life is too bustin to stop as they sat in
front of their cabin maria turned to
lucas is it okay if we take a break
tomorrow i could use a little rest sure
go ahead lucas replied we've earned it
break a leg out there tomorrow have you
thought about how we can make this easier
maria suggested maybe we should ask for
help from our colleagues good idea lucas
said but i hate to think what they would
say if they knew and so the couple
continued their wild dual existence they
live for the thrill of the hunt and love
the challenge of balancing their jungle
lives with their academic careers every
once in a while they'd spill the tea on
their adventures to a close friend but
only enough to keep the truth hidden
after all in front of the classroom they
were just regular teachers but in the
jungle they were something entirely different